DX-2324 Overhaul Sample for New SDK (#3)
Bandwidth-Samples/messaging-send-receive-sms-ruby: README.md

For more information about API credentials see [here](https://dev.bandwidth.com/guides/accountCredentials.html#top)
For more information about API credentials see our [Account Credentials](https://dev.bandwidth.com/docs/account/credentials) page.

# Running the Application

Use the following command to run the application:

```sh
ruby app.rb
```

# Environmental Variables

The sample app uses the below environmental variables.

```sh
BW_ACCOUNT_ID                        # Your Bandwidth Account Id
BW_NUMBER                            # The Bandwidth phone number involved with this application
LOCAL_PORT                           # The port number you wish to run the sample on
BW_USERNAME                          # Your Bandwidth API Username
BW_PASSWORD                          # Your Bandwidth API Password
BW_ACCOUNT_ID                        # Your Bandwidth Account Id
BW_MESSAGING_APPLICATION_ID          # Your Messaging Application Id created in the dashboard
BW_NUMBER                            # The Bandwidth phone number involved with this application

> LOCAL_PORT                           # The port number you wish to run the sample on

Reviewer: Can you revert these back to the original order?

> You can view your public URL at `http://127.0.0.1:{LOCAL_PORT}` after ngrok is running.  You can also view the status of the tunnel and requests/responses here.

Author: ```suggestion
You can view your public URL at `http://127.0.0.1:4040` after ngrok is running.  You can also view the status of the tunnel and requests/responses here.
```
